how's it going YouTube doc redstone here
so recently I have decided to do two
messing around with mob traps and I
aimed it upcoming encounter with the
issue of mobs not spawning one seems to
be a pretty popular glitch around the
Minecraft community so I went ahead and
I decided to try to come up with a fix
and I think I came up with one it seems
to work for me
so I'm going to share it with you guys I
didn't find many video responses on how
to do this so hopefully as will be able
to help and we'll go ahead so basically
what you want to do is you want to go
ahead and type % app data and then %
again and this will just basically get
you to Minecraft and if that's a little
too complicated for you you can go ahead
and open up your minecraft options
launcher go over to options and where it
says game location on disk so go ahead
and click on that either method works
and either way you get to the same
folder so basically after you have that
done and taken care of and you got your
folder open you want to go ahead two
saves and there's tons of saves you know
whatever you want to find the save
that's causing the issue and the saves
is causing me the issue is 1.8 own age
it's what I call it so what you want to
do is you want to go ahead and you want
to copy it and whoops not cut it copy it
cancel so you want to go ahead and copy
and paste it and then you can kind of
rename the copy whatever you want I'm
just going to call it back up and I
already have a backup so then what you
can do is you can go into the main and
as you can see there's two levels and
they're both the same size they're both
created on the same date
same time and all that however there is
a slight difference that seems to cause
some problems I haven't really
investigated haven't really figured out
why but there happens to be so what you
want to do is you want to go ahead and
delete the rebel level dot dat file
which is the one that doesn't have the
underscore old at the end so go ahead
and delete it and now you just have this
and you want to make sure you rename it
know rename my bad and you want to
rename it that level dot bag get rid of
the old underscore old go ahead and
click enter and it's going to say that
if you change the extension it might
become unusable but that's okay click
yes you want to change it and there you
go then all you have to do is go to
minecraft go ahead and run it and then
you know long log in pick the selected
world and it will go ahead and work and
I'll go ahead and show you that the
world does work that's the back up
that's the original
so go ahead and log on in here and as
you can see the world works fine no
crashes or anything it does work and if
I were to go explore a little bit I'd be
able to find some mobs so that is the
fix that I came across hopefully it
helps you guys please rate comment
subscribe thank you very much doc
redstone peace out